To Mr. Matthew Fox, England
Krumlov, 1922


My dearest noble Matthew, 

I am writing this letter no later than the maturity date, 
as I've intended to give you dutiful report about the 
great and progress-orientated discoveries 
the young Miss Bryant and myself have anticipated
when travelling 
to this marvellous region of endless deep forests and meandering waters. 


The constant de/re-territorializations has made me incapable of throwing up.

Alas! I have sad and terrifying news to break to you.
Before I begin I want to make a personal avowal, with a quote by one of Lovecraft's reviewrs
 "I have marveled at the man's uncanny ability to see so deeply into the truth and yet remain so composed and kindhearted."

In grief and true terror I have returned to the small town, where we set off in 
a jolly mood for 
expediation into the great science of geology (earth/materialist) and seismology /movement(earthquake/vitalist)?
and the past of this North-Eastern 
hemisphere to shed some light on a most mysterious disappearence of two fellow hauntonauts. 
I made the imperative decision for exiting the vampire castle, where I suffered living torture and which is 
only a few strokes from where I am waiting for my carriage, which will hopefully
take me back safely into the consoling arms of my pack.


As you read on, you might want to skip the lines to 
what has happened and led to my overly hastened departure.  
But let me first sci-psy analyse what has happened led to this 
this heavy blow, which followed by several strokes of fate, psychic glitches.
The element of weird that is so crucial to romance

The most fortunate Miss Bryant,
a polymorphously perverse child 
seeks gratification wherever it occurs
world playground

a deterritorialization 
towards the absolute


Miss Bryant asking for repression
deviate from the norm but playful?
territory when its incorporated in the mind
manifested,  




and I have been 
sent on this time-travel mission, 
respectively on different planes of immanence /intensity.
subconscious lurking behind the back.
level of difficulty 
unprepared for what would have followed.
 but it was utterly wrong
travelling in time, because any sane lad with only 
a spark of intellect knows that it is time has travelled in us.

In the brief it was not assigned neither which past or future? No word was written, on which timelime we should set a foot on.

So, of course we were forced to  take the  trodden Roman road, which was is so well-paved for campaigns.
This certain past has been infinitely reiterated, feedbacked in the name of progress
, cruelty, forcing a straight life upon millions and millions of suffering souls, 
incurable diseases. Who are the malign entities, which writes the fate of life. 
prerecording 
The absolute power, immense possibilities to a fortunate few
post-anterior, anticipate the future as the past. 

Taking it in my own paws, freeing myself from destiny
to drift subconscious forest, get lost, spiralling out of control, 
The violent, magical  process,  reality must be cracked up because it can be anything. 



sorting = a stratagematic force. to tamper with time, to alter the future, on basis of reason. to fulfill to a purpose, a use. artifice man, because it is the blackest sin, the order of things. 
So I had to arbitralily shuffle the cards. 
You see, a universal machine, 
not care, no judgement  about data itself, it's rather about
optimal use of resources in terms of processing code, handling data during runtime. 


As agents of the intelligence machinery under His Majesty's Government, 
we know only too well that new worlds can only be born out of darkness.


Your extensive experience and knowledge,  
me, equipped with a intellecutal indifference,
that comes with a impatient temparement of artistic ardour
which is not incompatible according to modern psychoanalists. 
, made us a winning combination, the British Empire the most victourious battles



What we do have in common, 
realized painfully, rang in my ear,
threatened flora and fauna
rauwolf which were so distasteful that I fell into a snake pit.

Miss Bryant has before underwent great distress to mourn the gruesome corpses of the missing
space explorers, which were just laid out there in the desert, partly bare, without their protective clothing. 
This disaster was irreparable, and I had to witness her mentally unwell. 
but ceased drinking beyond, not viable 
Not only talented they were, they had the rigour and were certainly possessed by dauntless
courage of 
what takes to be true space-time explorers.
Their space capsule Discovery has been found off space of VteX. 

Discovery had not been seen since it was crushed by ice and fireballs
and went down on the vast desert of the moon near the sand mines in 2022. 

It was a fortunate coincidence that we found it, after the 100th anniversary 
of its disappearance, lost more than a century in the finedust of 
3008 parsecs below the surface of VteX, "the worst portion of the worst desert
in the world"
preserved by worms??
 
In this mockery of justice, 
I am not embarrassed in the slightest. Peppa Jones has been mistaken many times. 
I was clearly
wrong about John Dyson, and bullying is awful and never acceptable. 
We are all make misjudgements
about people and things... don't we Matthew? 
And this is based solely on the grounds of 
political vanity, foreign language and a lack of international diplomacy.


Ultra-rational politics mars intellecutal liberalism. 
The root of the problem, 



Now, 
Alas! with my deep regret and great sorrow I have to inform you that my 
dear friend and colleague Erin is dead, murdered by this wretched creatures.
But has been redeemed. 
natural science.

We got here by dusk but the skies darkenend so rapidly, that a unusual fear 
overcame me. While the temperature climbed to a perceived 30 degrees during the day, 
but with the lurking darkness came a cold and steady wind. 

and a most powerful lighting bolt, which illuminated the sphere in the brightest white one can imagine 
blinded us for a short amount of time, until our eyes accustumised again to the habitat.
The storm unusual strong gusts, which were suspended by nearly silence, interval of anxiety waiting for another eruption of natural 
breaking loose. 
Thunder and lightning, soft and heavy drops at first, slowly then more violently, like needles of ice that punctured our 
cheeks. 
No one was to be seen, and we waited in our rooms and library, to be greeted at the evening ritual. and its lavish interior.
How slowly time passes here, encompassed by frost and total lonesomeness. 
I had to witnessed that Miss Bryant's health 
was gradually deteriorating and I was also deeply shaken by the recent events.  

Numerous attempts to communicate with Miss Bryant on a sane level failed, 
beset by doubts, I've weighed the assets and drawbacks if the dissection of her Inside was indispensable. 
Scientific curiosity preponderate
articulation with the flesh. 


We were greeted by countess Eleonore von Schwarzenberg,
an eccentric figure, considering her bewildering appearance. 
As Miss Bryant has with good humour remarked, "I find it amusing that her 
costume is fashionable in certain London circles."
With demure charms and sophisticated expression 
she apologised for not welcoming at our arrival,  
In a manner of speaking, small talk, the habit of chatgpt

as she suffers from insomnia and needs to rests all day. 
Her affinity for British culturex was obvious, so
the blank astonishment gave place for delight and rapture, 
and we were for a excellent night meal of bohemian cuisine. 



This striking 15th-century chateau set triumphant exterior, which showed the greatness of our British Empire
so much. a marvellous blend of Tudor, Neo Gothic and Baroque, art deco.
on the European continent, within convenient range of the beach slopes 
also boasts one of the largest private collections of sadomasochistic pornography in the entire French 
,shows young men, objectivied, degraded, psychologically manipulated, 
to feast on the excrements, the church. Obsession with the texture, food gone bad
before dismembered, shot, durchlöchert. 
Destroy everything you touch, 

By dawn, the morning mist clinched to the trees as of never let go, to shed the light of the sun as long as possible. 
Those wretches with pale skin, countenance of nobleness. 
and their thirst for annihaltion. 

ZZC signs in green ink.  
Excuse me the smell this letter produces, I'm using the fountain pen. 
